content/blog/2020/02/post-7/index.md, before:

---
title: "Bridges Connecting the ThreeFold Ecosystem to External Networks " # Quotation marks allow colons, semicolons, etc.
description: "The UNIQUE description for Post 7." # Quotation marks allow colons, semicolons, etc.
date: 2020-02-28T21:30:00-06:00
updated: 2020-04-02T07:23:00-05:00 # Comment-out this line with a # if content is unchanged
draft: false # Make it "true" if you don't want Zola to "publish" yet
extra:
  subtitle: "The UNIQUE Post 7 subtitle" # Quotation marks allow colons, semicolons, etc.
  author: Your name goes here
  imgPath: "images/threefold_blog2.png"
  date: 2018-10-17T14:40:00-05:00
---

## In-article heading --- it's an H2 because your title is the H1

And after another paragraph or two or three, you may want to add a subheading, which would be an H3, so it would be like the following.

### Subheading (H3)

Text here.

Maybe you want a code block to illustrate something. Here's one:

```js
/* =========
This is some simple JavaScript, just so 
you can see how Zola handles a code block.
It doesn't **do** anything in Zola, of course. 
Helpful on a dev blog, eh?
========= */

var i, j;
for (i = 0; i < 10; i++) {
  j = i;
  console.log(j);
}

/* ========= 
When run, the above would output:

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
========= */
```

Closing text. That ends Post 7!

Commit message:

added categories taxonomy for blog

content/blog/2020/02/post-7/index.md, after:

---
title: "Bridges Connecting the ThreeFold Ecosystem to External Networks" # Quotation marks allow colons, semicolons, etc.
description: "Since the launch of ThreeFold Grid 3.0, TFT is now available on three blockchains – Stellar, Binance Smart Chain and the Substrate-based ThreeFold Blockchain (aka TF Chain)." # Quotation marks allow colons, semicolons, etc.
date: 2018-10-17T14:40:00-05:00
updated: 2019-04-11T20:33:00-05:00 # Comment-out this line with a # if content is unchanged
draft: false # Make it "true" if you don't want Zola to "publish" yet
taxonomies:
  categories: ["Engineering"]
extra:
  subtitle: "The UNIQUE Post 1 subtitle" # Quotation marks allow colons, semicolons, etc.
  author: HANNAH CORDES
  imgPath: images/sphere-thing.png
  date: 2018-10-17T14:40:00-05:00
---

## In-article heading --- it's an H2 because your title is the H1

And after another paragraph or two or three, you may want to add a subheading, which would be an H3, so it would be like the following.

### Subheading (H3)

Text here.

Maybe you want a code block to illustrate something. Here's one:

```js
/* =========
This is some simple JavaScript, just so 
you can see how Zola handles a code block.
It doesn't **do** anything in Zola, of course. 
Helpful on a dev blog, eh?
========= */

var i, j;
for (i = 0; i < 10; i++) {
  j = i;
  console.log(j);
}

/* ========= 
When run, the above would output:

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
========= */
```

Closing text. That ends Post 7!
